 So for grumbler helmets, I'm thinking that modular system in the last to have the ability to quickly switch between vision modes such as utilizing infrared, thermal and optical sensors for a variety of the heads of display, quickly and automatically change the viewport for the serviceman as they're utilizing the system. This would be an injunction with the mask where it's got the air breather on it, smudge like a scuba, as well as the abilities bring in vitamins and food through the same type of systems, third to go system, also part of the universal detection piece, that way this can be tied into the universal mounting system and used for space explosions as well. This way essentially a soldier can connect up to any one of the units for a truck and I might replenish each of these different devices and nutrients or resources and request them as needed. What I do here is modularity and allowing for the speed of the plane to system. This is critical piece in the overall grim security foundations. One of the key things won't is automation. Our equipment should self identify thinking that the helmets would encapsulate hearing the voice from us on the inside and automatically scramble that to external speakers. Depending on the situation of condition that's set with its global or a logo, you know, this based on tvotsignations, the The masks will also and the shoes will have clarity of occasion codes. These are all automatically updated and respond to the security levels that are set by adjuvantization data, or the commanding control modules, etc. The universal communication protocol information will also be universal and are likely set to scramble when history changes if it falls into any hands of it, ends up being disused, etc. The whole idea of being that local caching will be frisk priority and that will automatically start to encrypt a formal to layers and distributed blockchain method such that even if you have the current codes, it will take multiple steps and cycles to unlock corresponding to the level of times that a false open was attempted. This is critical to balance the security of these things falling into the enemy or opponent's hands while keeping in still some of the use of biometric sensors and our feedbacks as critical. Built in sensors to the system where possible we use wireless but prefer wired when everyone is optional and possible. That allows us to have it the it's kind of works methodology similar to how Apple does. with most of their products. That he is the lowest barrier of using an interface to make these things operate. It's like for mining situations, this will allow you to walk up to say a trauma and immediately recognize that you have access to it, show you the current loadout of how many weight is on it, operating hours, etc. in your HUD through the visor, just because you're in the proximity of it due to the I'm sensing based in the suit, in the positioning, this will allow you to visually see in the overlay, bring out the overlay, say in the condition is good, yellow, if it's questionable, red meets service, blingered of its failed, black, it's broken, black and white. It's being recalled, etc. This is all part of the universal codifying standard to be developed. March 12, 2022, what's summer, Grim Reaper, WWGrim, GrrPR, will be all your mind's eye, peace.