 Create the R sharp language which is going to be the river aptly extensions to the C sharp language. So we will be extending C sharp into R sharp, sorry, R S sharp, R S sharp, Reaper sovereign sharp. So R S pound, R S sharp, R S sharp, that's the programming language behind Reaper obelene. That's the language that the game is coded in. That's the programming language that we're defining. It's Reaper sovereign's sharp. Reaper sovereign sharp, R S sharp, R S sharp. And that will be defined each of the reaper aptly elements because everything in this law is symbolism and reflection. So dealing with name spaces and so on is very important. That's why you'll see so many names that are very similar and symbolically aligned. That's on purpose is to represent those connections to the data. Going back to a graph database model in the rank of DB that will put behind all of this system as we build out each of the AI's and their database models that will be running behind this through the rank of DB. So these elements will be not just classes and code but also tables as entities in the EV derivative model from 5 and 3 ventures, Lord Summerville code. Going back to 2005, pulling all of this together with these multiple layers of this is all about creating a story and creating the intrigue to create the rabbit hole for a developer to find the way to create the object. This information and to data mind this for the AI to data mind this to represent our values. So it's very cryptic because it's meant on purpose to be done that way so that these symbolical thoughts of my people and my interactions with people and my understanding and my comprehensions of them can be expressed back out. Intocode that creates an AI that defends myself, eventually creating a AI brain that can run as being a lawyer, a judge, and all of the different political elements in the system as we model. How the United States system works and it's not going to be the only system that we model. Once again, I went to school for 20 years because it was the analyst. We're looking at modeling the content of each of these different paradigms and representing an encode and creating an augmented reality and role playing game version of this where the interface between the people and the people. And this version of AI is age appropriate where the constraints and the rules are put in place to where the eyes and stuff only have access to data that's got constraints and filters. They're set and curated and managed by humans. This is how we safely move forward into utilizing AI. I want part of the reproject to be us having this discussion and having that development to where the notes like what you're hearing now is not what will be heard initially by people. There's no interest for the Grim Reaper himself to be out there being that main figure. It's the influence, the impact and the response based on how I've acted in the world that I'm wanting to emulate and decipher into code and encode back into our simulation that matters. And that's just for me being that first Reaper. The idea of being in a long run that is each of us as we move to being an early and spot within the company of becoming a Reaper that your story and your viewpoints and the things and the struggles you went through will be able to be expressed and out of the world. And add to our model of the world, a rebroccoli. The entire point is that the game of building I can't possibly tell you what it all looks like because it's going to be defined by the members of the team. It's not meant to be just a me show. I'm just the first example in my fictional characters of Lord Summer of Robert Rimm. All of these different characters, these are the initial ones. But I want my company to be expressing itself through the code and creating their attitudes and personalities as characters and amateurs in the rebroccoli world. Once again, Reaper probably was meant to be a thank you gift in an art piece that represents each other. That's how we get back to fulfilling that initial mission and allowing us to truly communicate better with one another by allowing us to roleplay as these other people in your rebroccoli land. Spending Reaper sovereigns if you want to experience what it takes to be playing as other person's role. So if you're a CSR and you want to experience being the CFO, being the banker lady, like the what if, what if I was in charge? What if I was having Amanda's job? What if I was as good as her as being the banker's lady, allowing you to spend Reaper sovereign coins to play that out and allow the game engine to continue and run that level, that map. So we can see the dynamics that would happen with your viewpoint. This allows us to in the long run be able to as a business better model what the outside world has as a vision of itself and our vision. The better the comprehension we have of these two things playing the game of monopoly essentially in our simulation is how we win. This goes back to award games from 1983 from the movie my this is all about creating that level of technology but doing it for real. And I know we can do it. We've never do it for years. It's just been waiting for the right reapers to be on the team for me to be willing to hit the go button. Because new Bob new code for the AI has been in development for years. It's just not something you've got seen. These are things that you have to understand. It's such a long road. It's such a long road to get through to what we're going. But once it starts to get momentum in moving this ridiculous pile of hours of voice memos and content is stuff that you know primarily it's probably going to be scripts and bots mining it. But I want people to be able to go back and take an authentic look at it and take an authentic viewpoint. I want that for all of my staff. I want to build a system to where we build our own reaper voice memos and reaper dev logs that stay in the system and make it entirely up to the employee as to whether or not they want their contributions held in the company or not or take them with them. Or go for royalties etc. like I want that ability of ownership to come from a root level of the code from a root level of what you contribute aka reaper to sell. This is why this is all about the project of being an educational platform and providing path for growth and charity as key mantras. I'm going to be building more and more structures and smart scripts based on the ideas of what you know was founded with Ethereum and its blockchain and the proof of stake with their smart contracts. That's what we go into as that next evolution with reaper sovereigns. When we launch reaper sovereigns and we do our ICO, it's to make sure that we do it the right way and it's not a pump and dump scheme. I'm not willing to just whore out the brand just to make profit. I want the value of our sovereign coin to be based on the true value that we are doing to the community of the world. That measure of positive green impact. This is part of what I have to figure out with the exchanges and smart contracts is making sure that the metrics and scripts are lined up to rig the game to always be pushing our dollars to push the agenda of things that are good that are approved by the board of directors of reaper rapidly. Reaper probably will expand out not just from being just my sole control into being a larger board than managed by a trust that would ultimately benefit back to me. The idea is to build this up to a place to where I'm giving society the tools and the opportunity the chance to have a platform to speak. That's all I want is I want to autistic people like myself the ability to speak safely to explore safely as for us learning comprehension of things that may be simple to certain people. It's perfectly complex to us that destroy us but things that are far out of the capacity of the brains that almost people is what we excel at and getting society recognize the needs of one another and that there's a true positive reason. To help and find that balance to save each other to grow together in positive ways to build stable societies to essentially end war ever happening again ideally. But having all of this represented in our world as an exemplary example of what could be possible if the world was truly ran by this mythical character of the Grand Reaper. Once again, the last name is Grim, the call of the Reaper. The Grand Reaper lives in a world that was developed by the Master Hacker Award Summer who installed his Linux Roo Kit, runs on the computers that runs all the simulation of the matrix that everyone lives in in Reaper Opholi. These constructs of these ideas from idiots, fed to us from years will be reflected within the game mechanics of Reaper Opholi.