 Reuropoly sustainability. So one of the key things that we're rapidly turning this into the reuropic project is that we'll make this all unsustainable materials, particularly bioplastics with seeds in them. This way you can literally reap what you sow. I'm envisioning long term that we'll have an entire line of tokens. So each little figurines where you have a seed embedded into it and purchase it. Initially this will start out with family friendly things, you know spices, basil, tomatoes, cucumbers, etc. Right? Going into longer run, I want to open source models. So it's DIY. I want to do a very open source kind of thing for the community. It may be an open project. I'd like to have it be to where eventually a long run. You could look at even having the seeds be for the states where it's legal. You could have marijuana seeds growing into the tokens. You could have that type of funsies to this at Reuropoly. There's a lot of venues you could vector out from. Making this into more collectibles kind of thing. But the ultimate pitch is really that I want to create a bioplastics and sustainable waste company. Essentially going after taking biological waste, ideally to start Puerto Rico but easily here in Ohio taking corn husks and things like that. We get farmers sure, you know, next nothing or free. There's a lot we can look at doing. So I think it's really key that we focus on sustainability and the reputus you so branding throughout the entire process. So I would be key to have our little figurines with seeds in them. So I think I need a little quite a little cube thing. You know, I got... There's something... There's kind of a clear shell on top, the bottom. It's going to look like a label on the front. You know, say we put a... I mean, in fact, a little stitch in there. Stitchy. Say I had a little stitchy in there. Just fucking... Mark of a six here. You got any character? What you want? Any talking? Anything. And the seeds... What you're based inside of the plastic. So when you plant... No, the Zydom... You could have seed provider in plastic. Wow, a degree in a little plastic. Yeah, that way. As project develops, the more things we produce, the plants we grow, the more common dioxide, etc. that we capture. The idea here is really to create a platform, create awareness about sustainability in plastics, about creating renewable sources, part of climate change, and teaching kids, not just about monopolizing for money, but reaping what you sell, and giving a positive message that we need going into 21st century. You know, reap what? Eww. So... So these being a little clipped seed banks, in the reap or happily digital game, you know, going out just sort of the fallout type of game in the open world exploration post block elliptic kind of thing, our reap or operally tokens. We could use to plant the ground to sprout a farm, a plant, a thing. So, reap what you saw. It worked well towards the cartoons. Animations of the Reaper. I just still want to go after doing a comic. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just Robert Rimm. I'm dyslexic. Currently attending Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. Right, hope. To launch this project by the state of Placet, to me, I'll put it here initially, and then Ohio and expand further up from there.