 So this is kind of getting into the nitty gritty of what I anticipate the actual test to look like with inside of the reberget system and what I'm looking at at the super high level. I mean the absolute high level of how those tests will be written of the actual implementation code of the test themselves and the extensions I want to make trail and see sharp how we have, you know, our ex unit testing with our basic assertions. I want to extend that out with our own reber unit testing and make sure that plays with the CICD properly with Git. But so an example would be as a very finite example. I want to create a test at my ownership level that covers the creation of my family lineage based on the most accurate information that I believe that's in the databases that's in the parts of source code that contributes those documents to the data that moves up through this process. So the source control is to control each element of this so that when I document a piece that's part of the source code that goes in that's part of this transcription process to where this raw data, this raw content gets entered into files that exist in a document database that can be accessed by those various different eyes that we're talking about. But it's quite literally this is to reflect my viewpoint, my idea of creating this reberopolis universe. And me, an example, creating out the things and the types of data that represents my own internal struggles, my own story that will lead to the creation of my own books and movies and content that will play out in my private versions of reberopolis. I think that this reberopolis universe, the private over my own, is truly about creating a virtual experience, a virtual AI of myself that I've always wanted to talk to of my computer having the ability in my game, in my game instance. Of having that reber AI get created in a mythical standpoint such that I don't want to be that the AI is a thing that I created. I want to be something that's based on the fictional lineage of the summer go family of my mom, my dad, and these various different aspects of my real life, whose names and reflections that code reflect back to characters that are based on the real names of the real people. I view it in my version of life, those people to be the characters in my game, this goes back to my dista guru idea to where that website as it functions publicly will be based on public information as well as in their private versions how they want to base it on an internal database such that their search engines and their versions of reberopolis say for a school like Miami or another business industry like CISFORCES Hootering, for example, or Big Steel, you know, 513Rib, GRIT PR, get the job, XXXCENTOS, PNG, anything ever worked at, LIT systems, all of these things that where we create and I'm about a lot of the ability from my private level of this of creating tests to make tests that reflect the conceptual idea of if I wanted another reber that's out there in this world to be able to share those superpowers and share that genetic DNA to where, you know, each of our avatars in our game, I want them to have a fictional version of DNA and RNA based on the concepts that I learned with work in the human genome project and my understanding of what those are to go into the true creation of how our version of genetics even works and reberopolis.