 The goal of this merger between a stream of 5 and 3 is that we merge it together and move all of this underneath the trust which Selamy is agreed as a good idea. That way it separates 5 and 3 and all of the things is Stevens going after a sue, and the opportunity from myself and abruptly so we can move forward. The idea being that in the merger, yes that's five of the recon tribute would be the websites, their content and the services of my people, particularly Kevin Stewart should go along with that package. I'd like Kevin to get his position that makes him happy at the new merge company so he can identify his pissboards. The rest of the services will be provided by Reaper Investment Presuits which will spin up a new film company, probably St. Sully Solutions. There we go, St. Sully Solutions which will be providing logistics and fulfillment for reproperly and are St. Sully, Pat Lander for Outtax. So essentially we're going to do a merger and rip Reaper Investment Presuits LLC will spin up a new subsidiary of St. Sully Solutions which will then take over the lease of our current warehouse and fulfillment center, all of which will contract its services back to the new merger entity with Selamy. The goal is that our merger is Selamy that we approach ARLS who told us previously that I think just a million bucks will buy one half of the partners. So I think very quickly we can utilize the Manner Group that Schwab is interested in to next week to help us handle creating a lot of credit based on the assets of our merge businesses and our credit history to raise the capital to quickly follow up ALS along with extreme. We can look at trying to grab innovative research as well. So pretty much consolidate everything. One of the key things that Selamy told me is that Steven Spadden expires at 14 months. So Spadden expires before 14 months. That's from December 2022 so that we put that at 12 months of what is into 23 December and adds to more. We put this like February 2024. This Pan's expire. We should have just dried out the court case until then. The holiday party went great. Everybody's happy. Our team is being shifted to focus on creating the software development room space for Roblin as well as creating the new YouTube media broadcasting room to broadcast the development of our business partners for tutoring and creating space. So I've got John Mullin and his crew actively working and creating that. So John Mullin to prepare. spiritual TV Will jailed Y Dunel andTPPN watching the filmmaking review. T.A. 3 M in generation. So that this animates the characters in the full digital version of Reapply, not just the web based version we're playing essentially monopoly, but the full unity based game of the metaverse regrouping. That's where our characters, such as Stuttering Stevens, Nancy Swine, and Chrissy Swine, something returning to our hearts to be like, a rock city bebop, and his eternal coming character. Oh, this is the fantasy world of the Grim Reaper with two M in our metaverse. But the M in generation is to be based on showing the values that we manipulate for the AI as to whether they're frustrated, concentrating, worried, etc. It's create the sprites so that way the game was constantly evolving and engaging. The idea is that as you log in the reapply and you're in our for the Reapply space, the game itself will change, the rules will change, the names, the labels will change to be your own version of reapply, as well as doing an RPG style of where it's for this land, and that's where you'll run into the many games and learning processes, such as the Bob as you think we've talked about, and having that late toward summer in the hacker's